Add taxprofiler support for --nf_core_pipeline (#97)
nf-core/fetchngs: CHANGELOG.md

### Enhancements & fixes

> - [#97](https://github.com/nf-core/fetchngs/pull/97) - Add support for generating nf-core/taxprofiler compatible samplesheets anda dded improved validation for the --nf_core_pipeline flag to only accept supported pipelines
> -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#97](https://github.com/nf-core/fetchngs/pull/97) - Add support for generating nf-core/taxprofiler compatible samplesheets.
- Add `enum` field for `--nf_core_pipeline` to parameter schema so only accept supported pipelines are accepted
```

> ### Enhancements & fixes
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
